All right, as with all the other
exercises, we have main.rs and this time,
we're doing something
a little bit different.
We've got in addition to our city struct
from last time where we have description
residents and his coastal, now we also
have an enum called cities sizes.
We got these little comments here that
are sort of documenting about what each of
these sizes correspond to.
So a town is about 1000 people,
a city it's about 10,000,
Metropolis is about a million.
These values will come up a little
bit later in the exercise.
So this time,
you may recall in our previous exercise,
we had a function called New_city.
Well, here we're doing it sort of the more
idiomatic rust style where we have
an impulse city and inside that
we're saying function new insights.
So we'll say city colon colon new rather
than new_city when we're calling this
function, but otherwise it's gonna
be exactly the same as before.
By the way, you might notice this
is returning a city, if you want,
you could have a return self up to you.
Okay, so this is still
thinking city size is coastal.
Now we're doing things
a little bit differently here.
So, we're doing a pattern match on
this city size that we were given.
Remember city sizes either town, city or
Metropolis and based on the city size,
like the general description of the city
size we're getting, we're going to make up
a residence value and this is 1000 for a
town and that's where this thing comes in.
It'll be 10,000 for a city and
a million for metropolis.
And then what we're actually
doing is in each of these
branches we're returning a tuple.
So here I'm returning a tuple,
where the first one is a string.
That's that same description
string we had last time and
the second one is the the residence value.
So then I'm saying let and then I'm doing
a tuple D structure here, equals and
then the whole match.
So basically what ends up happening
is after we run this match,
we end up with description in scope and
residents in scope.
Because each of the branches of
this match is returning a tuple.
And then what we do with that tuple,
once we get it back is we just immediately
D structure it and put it into scope.
So this is an example of a pretty
common technique that you see in rust.
It's sort of a way to quote and
quote, return multiple values.
We're not actually returning multiple
values, we're returning a tuple.
But a tuple can hold multiple values.
So this is kind of a relatively
lightweight trick for doing that.
So here's our first to do we wanna handle
the other city size variants individually.
Now similarly to how the town
variant is handled here, so
we wanna duplicate that one for
city and Metropolis and
change each of their residence
counts as appropriate.
Finally, at the end of all this once we've
actually pulled out our description and
residents Then we construct the cities
with description residents and
his coastal.
And that's the end of our city
colon colon new method, okay?
And then finally the last thing that
we have to do here is inside main,
we're basically going to use city colon
colon new in order to create a metropolis
sized city here.
So we're gonna replace this sort of hard
coded definition where we're building
the struct by hand with a colon to
the city colon colon new method.